A small tutorial showing how to add documentation to DAGs and tasks (#1476)
astronomer/docs: learn/custom-airflow-ui-docs-tutorial.md

---
title: 'Add documentation to your DAGs and tasks in the Airflow UI'
sidebar_label: 'Add docs to DAGs'
id: custom-airflow-ui-docs-tutorial

> description: 'Use tutorials and guides to make the most out of Airflow and Astronomer.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Use Apache Airflow's built-in documentation features to generate documentation for your DAGs in the Airflow UI.'
```

Author: For some reason this change causes the build to fail 👀 I reverted it for now.

![DAG Docs Intro Example](/img/guides/DAG_docs_intro_example.png)

After you complete this tutorial, you'll be able to:

- Add custom doc strings to an Airflow DAG.
- Add custom doc strings to an Airflow task.

## Time to complete

This tutorial takes approximately 15 minutes to complete.

## Assumed knowledge

- Basic Airflow concepts. See [Introduction to Apache Airflow](intro-to-airflow.md).
- Basic Python. See the [Python Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/index.html).

## Prerequisites

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli).

## Step 1: Create an Astro project

To run Airflow locally, you first need to create an Astro project.

1. Create a new directory for your Astro project:

    ```sh
    mkdir <your-astro-project-name> && cd <your-astro-project-name>
    ```

2. Run the following Astro CLI command to initialize an Astro project in the directory:

    ```sh
    astro dev init
    ```

3. Start your Airflow instance by running:

    ```sh
    astro dev start
    ```

## Step 2: Create a new DAG

1. In your `dags` folder, create a file named `docs_example_dag.py`. 

> 2. Copy and paste one of the following DAGs based on which coding style you're most confortable with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy and paste one of the following DAGs based on which coding style you're most comfortable with.
```

<Tabs
    defaultValue="TaskFlowAPI"
    groupId= "code-variations"
    values={[

>         {label: 'TaskFlowAPI', value: 'TaskFlowAPI'},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {label: 'TaskFlow API', value: 'TaskFlowAPI'},
```

1. In your `docs_example_dag.py` file, add the following doc string above the definition of your DAG:

    ```python
    doc_md_DAG = """
    ### The Activity DAG

    This DAG will help me decide what to do today. It uses the [BoredAPI](https://www.boredapi.com/) to do so.

    Before I get to do the activity I will have to:

    - Clean up the kitchen.
    - Check on my pipelines.
    - Water the plants.

    Here are some happy plants:

    <img src="https://www.publicdomainpictures.net/pictures/80000/velka/succulent-roses-echeveria.jpg" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
    """
    ```

    This doc string is written in Markdown. It includes a title, a link to an external website, a bulleted list, as well as an image which has been formatted using HTML. To learn more about Markdown, see [The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/).

2. Add the documentation to your DAG by passing `doc_md_DAG` to the `doc_md` parameter of your DAG class as shown in the code snippet below:

<Tabs
    defaultValue="TaskFlowAPI"
    groupId= "code-variations"
    values={[

>         {label: 'DAG decorator', value: 'TaskFlowAPI'},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {label: 'TaskFlow API', value: 'TaskFlowAPI'},
```

>         {label: 'Traditional DAG context', value: 'traditional'},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {label: 'Traditional operators', value: 'traditional'},
```

    ```python
    doc_json_task = """
    {
        "previous_suggestions": {
            "go to the gym": ["frequency": 2, "rating": 8],
            "mow your lawn": ["frequency": 1, "rating": 2],
            "read a book": ["frequency": 3, "rating": 10],
        }
    }
    """
    ```

4. Add this code with a string written in YAML format above the definition of your task:

    ```python
    doc_yaml_task = """
    clothes_to_wear: sports
    gear: |
        - climbing: true
        - swimming: false
    """
    ```

5. Add the code below above the definition of your task:

    ```python
    doc_rst_task = """
    ===========
    This feature is pretty neat
    ===========

    * there are many ways to add docs
    * luckily Airflow supports a lot of them

    .. note:: `Learn more about rst here! <https://gdal.org/contributing/rst_style.html#>`__
    """
    ```

6. Provide the docs to their respective parameters in your task definition as shown in the code snippet below. Pick the coding style you're most confortable with.

<Tabs
    defaultValue="TaskFlowAPI"
    groupId= "code-variations"
    values={[
        {label: 'TaskFlowAPI', value: 'TaskFlowAPI'},

>         {label: 'Traditional Operator', value: 'traditional'},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {label: 'Traditional operators', value: 'traditional'},
```

    ]}>

<TabItem value="TaskFlowAPI">

```python
@task(
    doc_md=doc_md_task,

>     doc=doc_task,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    doc=doc_monospace_task,
```

    doc_json=doc_json_task,
    doc_yaml=doc_yaml_task,
    doc_rst=doc_rst_task
)
def tell_me_what_to_do():
    response = requests.get("https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity")
    return response.json()["activity"]

tell_me_what_to_do()
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="traditional">

```python
tell_me_what_to_do = PythonOperator(
    task_id="tell_me_what_to_do",
    python_callable=query_api,
    doc_md=doc_md_task,

>     doc=doc_task,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    doc=doc_monospace_task,
```

---
title: 'Add documentation to your DAGs and tasks in the Airflow UI'

> sidebar_label: 'DAG Docs - Add docs in the UI'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: 'Add docs to DAGs'
```

id: custom-airflow-ui-docs-tutorial
description: 'Use tutorials and guides to make the most out of Airflow and Astronomer.'
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> Adding custom doc strings to your Airflow DAGs and tasks that will be shown in the Airflow UI is a lesser known but powerful Airflow feature.

Reviewer 2: Maybe would be nice to have a screenshot up front here showing what the end result is?

After you complete this tutorial, you'll be able to:

- Add custom doc strings to an Airflow DAG.
- Add custom doc strings to an Airflow task.

## Time to complete

This tutorial takes approximately 15 minutes to complete.

## Assumed knowledge

- Basic Airflow concepts. See [Introduction to Apache Airflow](intro-to-airflow.md).
- Basic Python. See the [Python Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/index.html).

## Prerequisites

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli).

## Step 1: Create an Astro project

> To run Airflow locally, you first need to create an Astro project, which contains the set of files necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run Airflow locally, you first need to create an Astro project.
```

1. Create a new directory for your Astro project:

    ```sh
    mkdir <your-astro-project-name> && cd <your-astro-project-name>
    ```

2. Run the following Astro CLI command to initialize an Astro project in the directory:

    ```sh
    astro dev init
    ```

3. Start your Airflow instance by running:

    ```sh
    astro dev start
    ```

## Step 2: Create a new DAG

> 1. In your `dags` folder add a file called `docs_example_dag.py`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In your `dags` folder, add a file called `docs_example_dag.py`. 
```

> 2. Copy and paste the DAG code provided below, you can use either the TaskFlowAPI version or the version using traditional operators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Copy and paste the DAG code provided below. Choose one of either the TaskFlowAPI or traditional operators DAGs.
```

> <Tabs

Reviewer 2: We should probably update the TaskFlow DAG to use the `@dag` decorator, and then update Step 3 part 2 to show adding the parameter to both versions (not necessarily with tabs, just two code snippets is probably fine).

    groupId= "code-variations"
    values={[
        {label: 'TaskFlowAPI', value: 'TaskFlowAPI'},
        {label: 'Traditional Operator', value: 'traditional'},
    ]}>

<TabItem value="TaskFlowAPI">

```python
from airflow import DAG
from airflow.decorators import task
from pendulum import datetime
import requests

with DAG(
    dag_id="docs_example_dag",
    start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
    schedule="@daily",
    catchup=False,
):

    @task()
    def tell_me_what_to_do():
        response = requests.get("https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity")
        return response.json()["activity"]

    tell_me_what_to_do()
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="traditional">

```python
from airflow import DAG
from airflow.operators.python import PythonOperator
from pendulum import datetime
import requests

def query_api():
    response = requests.get("https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity")
    return response.json()["activity"]

with DAG(
    dag_id="docs_example_dag",
    start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
    schedule=None,
    catchup=False,
):

    tell_me_what_to_do = PythonOperator(
        task_id="tell_me_what_to_do",
        python_callable=query_api,
    )
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

> This DAG has only one task called `tell_me_what_to_do` which queries and [API](https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity) that provides a random activity for the day and prints it into the logs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This DAG has one task called `tell_me_what_to_do`, which queries an [API](https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity) that provides a random activity for the day and prints it to the logs. 
```

> ## Step 3: Add documentation to an Airflow DAG

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Add docs to your DAG
```

> Airflow will let you add documentation to your DAGs in Markdown format and render that documentation in both the **Grid**, **Graph** and **Calendar** view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Airflow you can add custom documentation to your DAGs in Markdown format that will render in the **Grid**, **Graph** and **Calendar** views.
```

1. In your `docs_example_dag.py` file, add the following doc string above the definition of your DAG:

    ```python
    doc_md_DAG = """
    ### The Activity DAG

    This DAG will help me decide what to do today. It uses the [BoredAPI](https://www.boredapi.com/) to do so.

    Before I get to do the activity I will have to:

    - Clean up the kitchen.
    - Check on my pipelines.
    - Water the plants.

    Here are some happy plants:

    <img src="https://www.publicdomainpictures.net/pictures/80000/velka/succulent-roses-echeveria.jpg" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
    """
    ```

>     This doc string is written in Markdown format. It includes a title, a link to an external website, a bulleted list, as well as an image, which has been formatted using HTML. You can learn more about [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This doc string is written in Markdown format. It includes a title, a link to an external website, a bulleted list, as well as an image, which has been formatted using HTML. To learn more about Markdown, check out this [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/).
```

2. Add the documentation to your DAG by passing `doc_md_DAG` to the `doc_md` parameter of your DAG class as shown in the code snippet below:

    ```python
    with DAG(
        dag_id="docs_example_dag",
        start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
        schedule="@daily",
        catchup=False,
        doc_md=doc_md_DAG
    ):
    ```

> 3. In the **Grid** view click on the **DAG Docs** banner to view the rendered documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Go to the **Grid** view and click on the **DAG Docs** banner to view the rendered documentation.
```

    ![DAG Docs](/img/guides/DAG_docs.png)

> 4. (Optional) It is possible to save the documentation in a markdown file and directly provide the filepath to the `doc_md` parameter of the DAG class. 

Reviewer 2: I think this should be another high level step (e.g. ## Step 4) with substeps. And maybe add some context saying this method might be preferable if you have lengthy docs that would clutter your DAG file, or if you were reusing the same docs in multiple DAGs.

Author: Good point! I added that. One caveat here it seems that an external markdown file does not work with the `@dag` decorator. This feels like potentially a bug so I've asked about it in the Airflow channel.

    - Create a `documentation` directory within your `dags` folder.
    - Create a markdown file called `my_dag_docs.md` in this folder.
    - Copy and paste the contents of the markdown string into the new file. Delete the wrapping triple quotes.
    - Set the `doc_md` parameter of your DAG to `documenation/my_dag_docs.md`

> ## Step 4: Add documentation to an Airflow task

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Add docs to a task
```

> Airflow supports adding documentation to Airflow tasks in Markdown, Monospace, JSON, YAML and reStructured text. Note that only Markdown will be rendered, other formats will be displayed as rich content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also add docs to specific Airflow tasks using Markdown, Monospace, JSON, YAML or reStructured text. Note that only Markdown will be rendered, other formats will be displayed as rich content.
```

<Tabs
    defaultValue="markdown"
    groupId= "DAG-docs"
    values={[
        {label: 'Markdown', value: 'markdown'},
        {label: 'Monospace', value: 'monospace'},
        {label: 'JSON', value: 'json'},
        {label: 'YAML', value: 'yaml'},
        {label: 'reStructuredText', value: 'rst'},
    ]}>

<TabItem value="markdown">

> To add documentation in Markdown format to your task follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add documentation to your task in Markdown format, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Add the code below above the definition of your task:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the following code above the definition of your task:
```
"below above" was a bit confusing :)

    ```python
    doc_md_task = """

    ### Purpose of this task

    This task **boldly** suggests a daily activity.
    """
    ```

> 2. Provide `doc_md_task` to the `doc_md` parameter of your task definition. If you are using traditional operators simply add it below the `python_callable` parameter.

Reviewer 2: I would put code snippets for both traditional and TaskFlow, because right now it's not totally clear to me that the sentence `If you are using traditional operators simply add it below the `python_callable` parameter.` isn't referring to the code snippet below.

    ```python
    @task(
        doc_md=doc_md_task
    )
    def tell_me_what_to_do():
        response = requests.get("https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity")
        return response.json()["activity"]

    tell_me_what_to_do()
    ```

3. Go to the Airflow UI and run your DAG.

> 4. In the **Grid** view click on the green square.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. In the **Grid** view, click on the green square for your task instance.
```

5. Click on **Task Instance Details**.

    ![Task Instance Details](/img/guides/task_instance_details.png)

6. See the markdown docs rendered under `Attribute: doc_md`.

    ![Markdown Task Docs](/img/guides/task_docs_markdown.png)

> </TabItem>

Author: Substep 2 also slightly differs because it uses different parameters but I reformatted it for 3-6 to be the same with tabs for 1-2 and for the screenshot in the end.

Adding custom doc strings that will be shown in the Airflow UI to your DAGs and tasks is a lesser known but powerful Airflow feature.

![DAG Docs Intro Example](/img/guides/DAG_docs_intro_example.png)

After you complete this tutorial, you'll be able to:

- Add custom doc strings to an Airflow DAG.
- Add custom doc strings to an Airflow task.

## Time to complete

This tutorial takes approximately 15 minutes to complete.

## Assumed knowledge

- Basic Airflow concepts. See [Introduction to Apache Airflow](intro-to-airflow.md).
- Basic Python. See the [Python Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/index.html).

## Prerequisites

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli).

## Step 1: Create an Astro project

To run Airflow locally, you first need to create an Astro project.

1. Create a new directory for your Astro project:

    ```sh
    mkdir <your-astro-project-name> && cd <your-astro-project-name>
    ```

2. Run the following Astro CLI command to initialize an Astro project in the directory:

    ```sh
    astro dev init
    ```

3. Start your Airflow instance by running:

    ```sh
    astro dev start
    ```

## Step 2: Create a new DAG

> 1. In your `dags` folder, add a file called `docs_example_dag.py`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your `dags` folder, create a file named `docs_example_dag.py`. 
```

> 2. Copy and paste the DAG code provided below. Choose one of either the TaskFlowAPI or traditional operators DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy and paste the one of the following DAGs based on which coding style you're most confortable with.
```

from airflow.decorators import task, dag
from pendulum import datetime
import requests

@dag(
    start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
    schedule="@daily",
    catchup=False
)
def docs_example_dag():

    @task()
    def tell_me_what_to_do():
        response = requests.get("https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity")
        return response.json()["activity"]

    tell_me_what_to_do()

docs_example_dag()
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="traditional">

```python
from airflow import DAG
from airflow.operators.python import PythonOperator
from pendulum import datetime
import requests

def query_api():
    response = requests.get("https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity")
    return response.json()["activity"]

with DAG(
    dag_id="docs_example_dag",
    start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
    schedule=None,
    catchup=False,
):

    tell_me_what_to_do = PythonOperator(
        task_id="tell_me_what_to_do",
        python_callable=query_api,
    )
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

This DAG has one task called `tell_me_what_to_do`, which queries an [API](https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity) that provides a random activity for the day and prints it to the logs. 

## Step 3: Add docs to your DAG

> In Airflow you can add custom documentation to your DAGs in Markdown format that will render in the **Grid**, **Graph** and **Calendar** views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add Markdown-based documentation to your DAGs that will render in the **Grid**, **Graph** and **Calendar** pages of the Airflow UI.
```

1. In your `docs_example_dag.py` file, add the following doc string above the definition of your DAG:

    ```python
    doc_md_DAG = """
    ### The Activity DAG

    This DAG will help me decide what to do today. It uses the [BoredAPI](https://www.boredapi.com/) to do so.

    Before I get to do the activity I will have to:

    - Clean up the kitchen.
    - Check on my pipelines.
    - Water the plants.

    Here are some happy plants:

    <img src="https://www.publicdomainpictures.net/pictures/80000/velka/succulent-roses-echeveria.jpg" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
    """
    ```

>     This doc string is written in Markdown format. It includes a title, a link to an external website, a bulleted list, as well as an image, which has been formatted using HTML. To learn more about Markdown, check out this [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This doc string is written in Markdown. It includes a title, a link to an external website, a bulleted list, as well as an image which has been formatted using HTML. To learn more about Markdown, see [The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/).
```

2. Add the documentation to your DAG by passing `doc_md_DAG` to the `doc_md` parameter of your DAG class as shown in the code snippet below:

<Tabs
    defaultValue="TaskFlowAPI"
    groupId= "code-variations"
    values={[
        {label: 'DAG decorator', value: 'TaskFlowAPI'},
        {label: 'Traditional DAG context', value: 'traditional'},
    ]}>

<TabItem value="TaskFlowAPI">

```python
@dag(
    start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
    schedule="@daily",
    catchup=False,
    doc_md=doc_md_DAG
)
def docs_example_dag():
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="traditional">

```python
with DAG(
    dag_id="docs_example_dag",
    start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
    schedule="@daily",
    catchup=False,
    doc_md=doc_md_DAG
):
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

3. Go to the **Grid** view and click on the **DAG Docs** banner to view the rendered documentation.

    ![DAG Docs](/img/guides/DAG_docs.png)

> ## Step 4: Add docs to your DAG using doc strings

Reviewer 2: Maybe this step could just be a note to say that Airflow will also automatically pick up any doc strings that are part of the DAG context and render them as DAG docs? Unless I'm missing something, otherwise this is basically the same thing as Step 3 just without assigning the doc string to a variable? (also to note here that I believe Josh's best practice for registry DAGs is to have the doc string assigned to a variable and at the top of the file).

Author: Yeah that makes sense :)

    values={[
        {label: 'DAG decorator', value: 'TaskFlowAPI'},
        {label: 'Traditional DAG context', value: 'traditional'},
    ]}>

<TabItem value="TaskFlowAPI">

```python
@dag(
    start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
    schedule="@daily",
    catchup=False,
)
def docs_example_dag():

    """
    ### The Activity DAG

    This DAG will help me decide what to do today. It uses the [BoredAPI](https://www.boredapi.com/) to do so.

    My favorite suggestions so far were:

    - Make bread from scratch
    - Make a couch fort
    - Take your cat on a walk
    """
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="traditional">

```python
with DAG(
    dag_id="docs_example_dag",
    start_date=datetime(2022,11,1),
    schedule="@daily",
    catchup=False,
):
    """
    ### The Activity DAG

    This DAG will help me decide what to do today. It uses the [BoredAPI](https://www.boredapi.com/) to do so.

    My favorite suggestions so far were:

    - Make bread from scratch
    - Make a couch fort
    - Take your cat on a walk
    """
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

3. In the **Graph** view of your DAG click on **DAG docs** to view your documentation.

    ![DAG Docs 2](/img/guides/DAG_docs_2.png)

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
```

> When using the `with DAG():` syntax it is possible to pass the filepath to a markdown file to the `doc_md` parameter. This can be useful if you want to add the same documentation to several of your DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `with DAG():` lets you pass the filepath of a markdown file to the `doc_md` parameter. This can be useful if you want to add the same documentation to several of your DAGs.
```

:::

## Step 5: Add docs to a task

> You can also add docs to specific Airflow tasks using Markdown, Monospace, JSON, YAML or reStructured text. Note that only Markdown will be rendered, other formats will be displayed as rich content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add docs to specific Airflow tasks using Markdown, Monospace, JSON, YAML or reStructured text. Note that only Markdown will be rendered and other formats will be displayed as rich content.
```

Reviewer: Can you also use these other formats at the DAG level?

<Tabs
    defaultValue="markdown"
    groupId= "DAG-docs"
    values={[

>         {label: 'Markdown', value: 'markdown'},

Reviewer: I don't think this is the best use of tabs, as it's possible someone would want to add both JSON documentation and rst documentation to the same DAG. Could we instead create a few tasks that use these different formats and show them all at once together?

        python_callable=query_api,
        doc_md=doc_md_task
    )
    ```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="monospace">

To add documentation in Monospace format to your task follow these steps:

1. Add the code below above the definition of your task:

    ```python
    doc_task = """
    If you don't like the suggested activity you can always just go to the park instead.
    """
    ```

2. Provide `doc_task` to the `doc` parameter of your task definition. If you are using traditional operators simply add it below the `python_callable` parameter.

    ```python
    @task(
        doc=doc_task
    )
    def tell_me_what_to_do():
        response = requests.get("https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity")
        return response.json()["activity"]

    tell_me_what_to_do()
    ```

    ```python
    tell_me_what_to_do = PythonOperator(
        task_id="tell_me_what_to_do",
        python_callable=query_api,
        doc=doc_task
    )
    ```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="json">

To add documentation in JSON format to your task follow these steps:

1. Add the code below above the definition of your task:

    ```python
    doc_json_task = """
    {
        "previous_suggestions": {

>             "go to the gym": ["frequency": 2, "rating": 8],

Reviewer: This is cool! Is there a good use case for why you'd want to add JSON blocks to a task doc? For example output?

1. Add the code below above the definition of your task:

    ```python
    doc_rst_task = """
    ===========
    This feature is pretty neat
    ===========

    * there are many ways to add docs
    * luckily Airflow supports a lot of them

    .. note:: `Learn more about rst here! <https://gdal.org/contributing/rst_style.html#>`__
    """
    ```

2. Provide `doc_rst_task` to the `doc_rst` parameter of your task definition. If you are using traditional operators simply add it below the `python_callable` parameter.

    ```python
    @task(
        doc_rst=doc_rst_task
    )
    def tell_me_what_to_do():
        response = requests.get("https://www.boredapi.com/api/activity")
        return response.json()["activity"]

    tell_me_what_to_do()
    ```

    ```python
    tell_me_what_to_do = PythonOperator(
        task_id="tell_me_what_to_do",
        python_callable=query_api,
        doc_rst=doc_rst_task
    )
    ```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

3. Go to the Airflow UI and run your DAG.

4. In the **Grid** view, click on the green square for your task instance.

5. Click on **Task Instance Details**.

    ![Task Instance Details](/img/guides/task_instance_details.png)

> 6. See the Docs under their respective attribute:

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing "Docs" should not be capitalized? Unless our style guide says it should be...

Reviewer 3: @kentdanas form the _Google developer documentation style guide_ (our selected style guide):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/201974173-4b20a47a-12d2-4388-aa37-d9dc9182624c.png)

Author: Good catch!
